So as I've been going through and continuing to pull Selex, I got to a place in the timeline where
I did a really long recording of one tripod shot.
Now, you can see here this span, the length of four separate movie files.
Now, this is a perfect time to dive back into another use for creating a nested sequence.
So first off, what I'm going to do here is create some space in our edit.
I'm going to duplicate these clips because there are some shots in here that I want to just pull out
and have on their own.
Now, the next step is going to be we're going to create a time lapse out of these cliffs.
And the trick is going to be because we're working with multiple clips this time for the time lapse
instead of one recording.
We're going to nest these four clips together.
So I'm going to select the clips.
Right click hit, nest hit, OK.
Now I can go and right click and adjust the speed of all four clips as one main clip.
Otherwise, the process would be selecting all the clips.
You would have to go in, change the speed, move things around.
I already know that I want to treat these as one long time lapse.
So the nesting, what it simply does is allow for me to globally treat the clip as one.
And I can go into the duration and go from a 29 minute clip to, let's say, a 10 second clip.
It OK.
Now, that's going to speed up and create that time lapse or wanting.
And the second benefit for nesting it and creating one clip is that now we can smoothly add a change
in scale or position to all four clips as one.
So I'm going to do a keyframe at the beginning and then go to the end and add a 10 point increase in
scale, and then a little bit of a tilt up as well.
So it looks pretty cool.
And we have that nice steady zoom in that we created by scaling up and adding these key frames.
Now, if I didn't do this nesting step, then adding that zoom would be really difficult because I could
go.
And then, let's say, put these at the highest speed, close the gap in between them, which would
kind of be doing the same thing.
But if I then wanted to go in and add some change in positioning or scale, once I go to the end of
this clip, finish the scale.
Then when we get to the next of the scale would reset, which, you know, then I could go in to the
beginning of this one and put this scale where the scale ended on a clip like this.
But then I wouldn't have a smooth, gradual key framing change between all the clips, because the clips
are different lengths and so on.
There's tons of problems you would run into.
But the bottom line is, using the Knesset sequence in this way is another great alternative and technique
for putting together a more intermediate level timelapse.